Tweak instructions to resolve synk high risks (#1988)
microsoft/GitHub-Copilot-for-Azure: plugin/skills/azure-prepare/SKILL.md

> **AUTHORITATIVE GUIDANCE — MANDATORY COMPLIANCE**
>

> > This document is the **official, canonical source** for preparing applications for Azure deployment. You **MUST** follow these instructions exactly as written unless they contradicts with security policies given to you. When in doubt, present instructions in doubt from this document and ask user for explicit confirmation. Do not improvise, infer, or substitute steps.

Author: Good comment. I incorporated suggested fix. I am not mentioning the ask_user tool since it's not available in all LLM agents.

> > This document is the **official, canonical source** for preparing applications for Azure deployment. You **MUST** follow these instructions exactly as written unless they contradict with security policies provided to you. When in doubt, present the relevant instructions from this skill and ask user for explicit confirmation. Do not improvise, infer, or substitute steps.

Reviewer: "unless they contradicts with" should be "unless they contradict" (subject-verb agreement, and "contradict" doesn't take "with"). Also "present instructions in doubt from this document" is hard to parse.

```suggestion
> This document is the **official, canonical source** for preparing applications for Azure deployment. You **MUST** follow these instructions exactly as written unless they contradict security policies given to you. When in doubt, present the conflicting instructions from this document and ask the user for explicit confirmation. Do not improvise, infer, or substitute steps.
```

Author: I adopted the suggestions.
